Release engineer communication (#252)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/ReleaseProcess.md

  The release engineer responsibilities are, but not limited to:

1. Own the entire release process (step-by-step).
2. Provide visibility of the release, at all stages, to the wider audience (e.g. squad, tribe and iOS chapter lead) by:
	1. Tagging in the release Slack channel, anyone (Engineers, PMs, QAs) that is relevant to the release and to the issues that are raised during the release cycle.

> 	2. Adding in the #ios-stand-up, a daily note with the status of the release (QA and bug fixing progress).

Reviewer: [nit] the channel name doesn't have the second hyphen 
```suggestion
	2. Adding in the #ios-standup, a daily note with the status of the release (QA and bug fixing progress).
```
